CameraTexture "Weapon.camtex" 200 200

texture PCDXSOUA range PCDXSOUU tics 2
texture GSOUA0 range GSOUU0 tics 2
texture MSOUA0 range MSOUU0 tics 2
texture PSOCA0 range PSOCL0 tics 3

texture PCDXEYES
	pic PDEYH0 rand 8 80
	pic PDEYF0 tics 1
	pic PDEYD0 tics 1
	pic PDEYB0 tics 1
	pic PDEYA0 tics 2
	pic PDEYB0 tics 2
	pic PDEYC0 tics 2
	pic PDEYD0 tics 2
	pic PDEYE0 tics 2
	pic PDEYF0 tics 2
	pic PDEYG0 tics 2
	
texture PKHHORNS
	pic HORNS_A tics 3
	pic HORNS_B tics 3
	pic HORNS_C tics 3
	pic HORNS_D tics 3
	pic HORNS_E tics 3
	pic HORNS_F tics 3
	pic HORNS_E tics 3
	pic HORNS_D tics 3
	pic HORNS_C tics 3
	pic HORNS_B tics 3
	
texture PCDXCORB
	pic PCY1A tics 6
	pic PCY1B tics 3
	pic PCY1C tics 3
	pic PCY1D tics 3
	pic PCY1E tics 3
	pic PCY1F tics 3
	pic PCY1G tics 3
	pic PCY1H tics 3
	pic PCY1I tics 3
	pic PCY1J tics 3
	pic PCY1K tics 3
	pic PCY1L tics 3
	pic PCY1M tics 6
	pic PCY1L tics 3
	pic PCY1K tics 3
	pic PCY1J tics 3
	pic PCY1I tics 3
	pic PCY1H tics 3
	pic PCY1N tics 3
	pic PCY1N tics 3
	pic PCY1O tics 3
	pic PCY1P tics 3
	pic PCY1Q tics 3
	pic PCY1R tics 3
	pic PCY1S tics 3
	pic PCY1T tics 3
	pic PCY1U tics 3
	pic PCY1V tics 3
	pic PCY1W tics 3
	pic PCY1V tics 3
	pic PCY1U tics 3
	pic PCY1T tics 3
	pic PCY1Y tics 3
	pic PCY1Z tics 3
	pic PCY1G tics 3
	pic PCY1H tics 3
	pic PCY1I tics 3
	pic PCY1J tics 3
	pic PCY1K tics 6
	pic PCY1J tics 3
	pic PCY1H tics 3
	pic PCY1I tics 3
	pic PCY1G tics 3
	pic PCY1A tics 3
	pic PCY1B tics 3
	pic PCY1C tics 3
	pic PCY1D tics 3
	pic PCY1E tics 3
	pic PCY1F tics 3
	pic PCY1Q tics 3
	pic PCY1P tics 3
	pic PCY1O tics 3
	pic PCY1N tics 3
	pic PCY1H tics 3
	pic PCY1G tics 3
	pic PCY1F tics 3
	pic PCY1E tics 3
	pic PCY1D tics 3
	pic PCY1C tics 3
	pic PCY1B tics 3


texture BGU1A0 notrim
texture BGU1B0 notrim
texture BGU1C0 notrim
texture BGU1D0 notrim
texture BGU1E0 notrim
texture BGU1F0 notrim
texture BGU1G0 notrim
texture BGU1H0 notrim
texture BGU1I0 notrim
texture BGU1J0 notrim
texture BGU1K0 notrim
texture BGU1L0 notrim
texture BGU1M0 notrim
texture BGU1N0 notrim
texture BGU1O0 notrim
texture BGU1P0 notrim
texture BGU1Q0 notrim
texture BGU1R0 notrim
texture BGU1S0 notrim
texture BGU1T0 notrim
texture BGU2A0 notrim
texture BGU2B0 notrim
texture BGU2C0 notrim
texture BGU2D0 notrim
texture BGU2E0 notrim
texture BGU2F0 notrim
texture BGU2G0 notrim
texture BGU2H0 notrim
texture BGU2I0 notrim
texture BGU2J0 notrim
texture BGU2K0 notrim
texture BGU2L0 notrim
texture BGU2M0 notrim
texture BGU2N0 notrim
texture BGU2O0 notrim
texture BGU2P0 notrim
texture BGU2Q0 notrim
texture BGU2R0 notrim
texture BGU2S0 notrim
texture BGU2T0 notrim
texture BGUBA0 notrim
texture BGUBB0 notrim
texture BGUBC0 notrim
texture BGUBD0 notrim
texture BGUBE0 notrim
texture BGUBF0 notrim
texture BGUBG0 notrim
texture BGUBH0 notrim
texture BGUBI0 notrim
texture BGUBJ0 notrim
texture BGUBK0 notrim
texture BGUBL0 notrim
texture BGUBM0 notrim
texture BGUBN0 notrim
texture BGUNA0 notrim
texture BGUNB0 notrim
texture BGUNC0 notrim
texture BGUND0 notrim
texture BGUSE0 notrim
texture BGUSA0 notrim
/*texture BGUSF0 notrim
texture BGUVA0 notrim